1. EthoVision XT https://www.noldus.com/ethovision-xt/

About: Ethovision XT is a video tracking software used to monitor the behavior and activity of different animals. It was developed by the company Noldus, a company that specializes in human and animal behavioral research. Ethovision XT uses contour-based tracking and deep learning tracking to track multiple body points on animals. By using two camera angles, Ethovision can combine them with Track3D to create a 3D tracking environment. Another thing that Ethovision does is detect animal activity by monitoring pixel changes from frame to frame which even works in low light environments.

Idea to implement: 
Deep learning tracking will be the most important thing to implement as I believe it is the best way to track and learn behavioral patterns of animals from video feed. 

2. Furbo 360 Dog Camera https://furbo.com/us/

About: The Furbo 360 Dog Camera is a pet monitoring device developed by Furbo, a company that specializes in smart pet technology. The product uses a 360° rotating HD camera to track the owner's pets motion. Not only does it do this but it uses two-way audio so that the user can communicate with their pet remotely. Furbo also has a product that comes with the camera called Furbo Nanny which gives real-time notifications. These notifications are based on the dogs mood which can be detected by their AI.

Idea to implement: 
Being able to track animals with live footage should definitely be integrated into our project as it allows for many more situations it could be used in.

3. AI Pet Cam https://daleonai.com/ai-pet-cam

About: The AI pet cam is an animal tracking camera app created by AI developer Dale Markowitz. It uses a TensorFlow machine learning model to monitor the pets behavior in order to find out when it does something such as jump on the couch. The app also uses firebase on the backend in order to store events/photos and send notifications using Slack API. All of this is combined with a simple and concise user interface which ties it all together.

Idea to implement:
Using a database such as firebase would be beneficial to store any data we need to about the animals.
